docs/source/features.rst, before:

Server features
===============

All servers have built-in features that are useful to build a manageable cluster. This section explains how to
use and to configure them. It builds upon the examples of :ref:`standalone`.

Errors
------

You are probably wondering what happens if there is a bug in any of your functions and you

Logging
-------

Each server, independently on its variant, has a built-in logger with the usual Python's logging levels. You can
find them in the :py:mod:`logging` module of the standard library. The following example, that builds upon the
previous one illustrates how to use the logging capabilities.

.. literalinclude:: ./examples/logging/master.py
    :language: python
    :linenos:
    :emphasize-lines: 18, 19, 31

The server sets the ``WARNING`` logging level, and then logs as critical when it changes the payload of the last
message.

.. literalinclude:: ./examples/logging/worker.py
    :language: python
    :linenos:
    :emphasize-lines: 15

The worker server implementation just adds a counter, and each time it processes ten messages, it logs as *info*
the number of messages processed. The output of the master is then::

    $> python master.py
    2016-08-26 08:08:38,679 - server - CRITICAL - Changing the payload of the message

And the output of any of the workers (the two workers are probably doing exactly the same amount of work) is::

    $> python worker.py worker1
    2016-08-26 08:08:38,672 - worker1 - INFO - Processed 10 messages


Endpoints
---------

The size of your cluster may easily grow to tens or hundreds of servers, all of them logging important information
to each one's stdout. This is not a big deal if you already have a good distributed log collector in your
infrastructure, but this may not be the case. The logging infrastructure may be some of the last things you add to
your cluster.

Commit message:

More updates to the documentation.

docs/source/features.rst, after:

Server features
===============

All servers have built-in features that are useful to build a manageable cluster. This section explains how to
use and to configure them. It builds upon the examples of :ref:`standalone`.

Errors
------

You are probably wondering what happens if there is a bug in any of your functions. Of course, your server will
not crash. You must try really hard to force one exception in one of the servers and crash it completely. The
*user* part of the server runs within an exception handler, that outputs the full exception traceback without
side effects.

For instance, take the simplest of the examples, the one in the introduction, and add an obvious bug in the
``foo`` function.

.. literalinclude:: ./examples/error/server.py
    :language: python
    :linenos:
    :emphasize-lines: 7

Of course, this triggers a ``NameError``, because the variable ``x`` was not defined within the user function.
The result is that the server logs the error::

    $> python server.py
    2016-08-26 09:41:59,053 - my_server - WARNING - Got a message
    2016-08-26 09:41:59,053 - my_server - ERROR - User function gave an error
    2016-08-26 09:41:59,054 - my_server - ERROR - Traceback (most recent call last):
    Traceback (most recent call last):
      File "/usr/lib/python3.5/site-packages/pylm/standalone/servers.py", line 117, in start
        result = user_function(message.payload)
      File "server.py", line 7, in foo
        print(x)
    NameError: name 'x' is not defined

    ...

After the error has been logged as such, the server keeps on running and waiting for more input.

Logging
-------

Each server, independently on its variant, has a built-in logger with the usual Python's logging levels. You can
find them in the :py:mod:`logging` module of the standard library. The following example, that builds upon the
previous one illustrates how to use the logging capabilities.

.. literalinclude:: ./examples/logging/master.py
    :language: python
    :linenos:
    :emphasize-lines: 18, 19, 31

The server sets the ``WARNING`` logging level, and then logs as critical when it changes the payload of the last
message.

.. literalinclude:: ./examples/logging/worker.py
    :language: python
    :linenos:
    :emphasize-lines: 15

The worker server implementation just adds a counter, and each time it processes ten messages, it logs as *info*
the number of messages processed. The output of the master is then::

    $> python master.py
    2016-08-26 08:08:38,679 - server - CRITICAL - Changing the payload of the message

And the output of any of the workers (the two workers are probably doing exactly the same amount of work) is::

    $> python worker.py worker1
    2016-08-26 08:08:38,672 - worker1 - INFO - Processed 10 messages


Endpoints
---------

The size of your cluster may easily grow to tens or hundreds of servers, all of them logging important information
to each one's stdout. This is not a big deal if you already have a good distributed log collector in your
infrastructure, but this may not be the case. The logging infrastructure may be some of the last things you add to
your cluster.
